Why was Trump a horrible president? Can somebody give me a list of what he did wrong?
Because the media did a terrible job of reporting it. I’m amazed at how few people realize the records he set:

First President in history to serve a full term and increase the deficit every year he was in office.

First President in history to maintain a debt to GDP ratio over 100% for his entire term

Highest annual budget deficit

Most added to the national debt in a single term

Most new unemployment claims

Largest single day point drop in the history of the Dow

First President in almost a century to lose jobs in his first term

First major party candidate in half a century to lose the popular vote twice

Longest government shutdown in history (and he did that while his own party controlled both chambers of Congress)

First President in the history of approval ratings to maintain a net negative approval rating for his entire term

First President to be impeached twice

First President to have bipartisan support for his conviction after impeachment (which happened both times)

Most indictments, guilty pleas, and criminal convictions of members of an administration

And again, that’s just a few of the records! There are so many more things he accomplished! He flatlined a strong economy even before the pandemic. He wasted millions on golfing (with much of that going back to into his own pockets). He wasted millions more rebranding part of the Air Force to look like Star Trek cosplayers. He wasted billions more on an idiotic vanity wall that’s already falling over. He told tens of thousands of lies. He violated the Emoluments Clause and the Hatch Act more times than I can remember. Plus he sabotaged our operations in Afghanistan, sabotaged gas prices with an idiotic deal with OPEC to create a global oil shortage, forgot what country he bombed at least once, tweeted a classified a photo, and he committed a war crime by ordering the assassination of an Iranian general in violation of international treaties.

Then there were all of his brilliant ideas that were never realized. Like preventing wildfires by raking the forests, nuking hurricanes, and treating Covid by cutting open people’s lungs and wiping them down with Lysol and letting them dry in the sun. Just think how much more he could have accomplished if those godless liberals hadn’t stopped him from suspending the Constitution and declaring himself President for life! 2 bottles of white henny.  come thru.